RPi Wobbulator

Signal Generator Output
The signal generator consists of an AD9850 DDS module operating under the control
of the Raspberry Pi.  It can produce a sine wave signal over the range of about
20 Hertz to 50 Mega-Hertz at an output level of ?? volts at an impedence of ?? ohms.
Under normal conditions the generator output is always within the limits of the 
detector /ADC limits of 2.01 volts.

Detector Inputs
- detectors
There are two input available with seperate SMA female connectors: A 'linear' detector,
referred as 'channel #1',is available at the left-most connector. and to its right is a
'log' detector, referred to as 'channel #2'. Be sure that the channel selected on the 
display matches the cable connector in use. 

- signal processing
The output of each detector is fed through a switch to a programmable amplifier and then 
to a analog-to-digital-converter (ADC) fr use by the RPi Wobbulator program.  
-- The amplifier can be instructed by a user to amplify the detector inputs by factors of 
1,2,4,and 8 by simply selecting the desired 'gain' on the display. BUT...
-- The ADC used has an internal limit of 2.01 volts input. A signal of this magnitude 
will cause the output to be all '1's and no higher output is possible. Since the 
generator produces a signal at a alevel just below the ADC's input limit, the user must be
careful to not use gain factors that will produce more than 2 volts at the ADC input.
( With the gain set to '1', and bias-removal 'off' run a sweep and note the highest level 
signal on the display. If it exceeds 1 volt, then you can not use a higher gain factor.)
-- the program provides a means for post-ADC bias removal. This must be used with care.
With Bias unselected, the display is similar to a normal oscilliscope and the lower part 
of the signal plot may not reach to zero. This can be confusing, as with successive sweeps 
with different parameters may not all have the same lower-left starting points. Selecting
Bias (removal, actually) will cause the lower left of each sweep to start at the same
point on the display.  But, the voltage scale may then be incorrect as it does not reflect 
the amount of dc bias removed from the plot.
